feat(changelog): containers-added-improved-pricing-transparency 2025-02-26 (#4504)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/february2025/2025-02-26-containers-added-improved-pricing-transparency.mdx

---
title: Improved pricing transparency
status: added
date: 2025-02-26
category: serverless
product: containers
---

> To get a better overview about costs of Serverless Containers, in the Scaleway Console we added details in Container overview. Also when modifying ressources we added breakdown of pricing changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve clarity about Serverless Containers costs, we have added pricing details to the container overview page.

Additionally, you now get a breakdown of pricing changes when modifying resources.
```
